1.Starting the System: The system is started by the system administrator. As a user, you don't need to worry about this step.


2.Loading Data: The system administrator will ask you if you want to load the initial data into the system. if you want to see or change some initial data via docs/data.txt .


3.you will be asked if you want to use the System as Hr or as Employee.

4.if you chose to use Hr option you will be ask to enter what option you wanna do,for each option except the exit option you will be ask to enter the specific branch you want to work on as the first parameter and the other parameters will be ask after that.
                                                                                         the option will be:1.Add Employee: This option allows you to add a new employee to the system. You will need to provide the necessary details such as name, bank account, employment type, salary type, salary, vacation days, and manager status.
                                                                                                            2.Set Employee: This option allows you to modify the details of an existing employee. You can change properties such as salary, vacation days, employment type, salary type, bank account, name, and manager status.
                                                                                                            3.Get Employee: This option allows you to retrieve the details of an existing employee by providing their ID.
                                                                                                            4.Set Default Roles: This option allows you to set the default roles for the system.
                                                                                                            5.Create Shift: This option allows you to create a new shift. You will need to provide the necessary details such as branch ID, year, month, day, shift type, and manager ID.
                                                                                                            6.Block Shift: This option allows you to block a specific shift by providing the necessary details such as branch ID, year, month, day, and shift type.
                                                                                                            7.Unblock Shift: This option allows you to unblock a specific shift by providing the necessary details such as branch ID, year, month, day, and shift type.
                                                                                                            8.Get Available Employees for Shift: This option allows you to retrieve a list of employees who are available for a specific shift.
                                                                                                            9.Change Shift Manager: This option allows you to change the manager of a specific shift.
                                                                                                            10.Create New Branch: This option allows you to create a new branch in the system.
                                                                                                            11.Exit: This option allows you to exit the system, and start the system again.
                                                                                                            12.Add Employee to Shift: This option allows you to assign an employee to a specific shift.
                                                                                                            13.Delete Employee from Shift: This option allows you to remove an employee from a specific shift.
                                                                                                            14.Get Shift: This option allows you to retrieve the details of a specific shift.
                                                                                                            15.Change Shifts: This option allows you to swap shifts between two employees.
                                                                                                            16.Get Employee from Branch: This option allows you to retrieve a list of employees from a specific branch.
                                                                                                            17.Get Shifts from Branch: This option allows you to retrieve a list of shifts from a specific branch.
                                                                                                            18.get employee history: This option allows you to retrieve the history of an employee.
                                                                                                            19.change shift dead line for emlpoyees' constrains: This option allows you to change the deadline for the employees' constraints for specific shift.
                                                                                                            20. change end time of morning shift: This option allows you to change the end time of the morning shift for a specific shift.



5.if you been chose to use the Employee option you will be ask to enter what option you wanna do.you will be ask to insert as first parameter the branch you wanna work on
                                                                                                  the option will be:1.Add Constraint: This option allows you to add a constraint to a specific shift. You will be asked to enter the details of the shift (year, month, day, and shift type) for which you want to add the constraint.
                                                                                                                     2.Remove Constraint: This option allows you to remove a constraint from a specific shift. Similar to adding a constraint, you will be asked to enter the details of the shift (year, month, day, and shift type) from which you want to remove the constraint.
                                                                                                                     3.Exit: This option allows you to exit the system.